client/README.md, before:

# IMIS Vue.js Client

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn build
```

### Run your unit tests
```
yarn test:unit
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint 
```
or to automatically fix lint errors:
```vue
yarn lint --fix
``` 

## Stack and Best Practices
### Libaries
We are using:
- Vue.js + Typescript
- VueX + [vuex-smart-module](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module)
- Vue Router
- [Ant Design](https://www.antdv.com/) 
- swagger-typescript-api

### Code Style / Linting
We have strict lint rules to ensure a consistent styling.
Set your editor right and use the .editorconfig to make your life easier.

You can also use `yarn lint --fix` to resolve most lint errors  

### Server communication
We communicate with the server using REST. The documentation is generated by swagger.
We are using this to automatically generate the API client in typescript
```
yarn generate:api-client
```
This creates the `@/api/SwaggerApi.ts` file

Do not edit this file manually! 

### Basic Component:
Use `Vue.extend` for component definition and set `lang="ts"` in the script tag to get typescript support.

We found that [class components](http://class-component.vuejs.org/) do not work well with automatic type inference for vuex and is therefore not used.

```vue
<template>
  <div>Hello {{ name }}</div>
</template>

<script lang="ts">
import Vue from 'vue'

export default Vue.extend({
  name: 'ExampleComponent',
  data() {
    return {
      name: 'World',
    },
  },
})
</script>
```

### Component using VueX functionallity
We are using [vuex-smart-module](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module) to get typesafty for our state management.

User [component mappers](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module#component-mapper) to access the state functionallity.

You can orient yourself at existing modules our repository.


```vue
<template>
  <div v-if="this.user()">
    Logged in: {{ user.name }}
    <button @click="handleLogoutClick">Logout</button>
  </div>
  <div v-else>
    Nobody logged in
    <button @click="handleLoginClick">Login</button>
  </div>
  
</template>

<script lang="ts">
import Vue from 'vue'
import authMapper from '@/store/modules/auth.module'

export default Vue.extend({
  name: 'ExampleComponent',
  computed: {
    ...authMapper.mapGetters({
      user: 'user',
    }),
  },
  methods: {
    ...authMapper.mapActions({
      login: 'login',
      logout: 'logout',
    }),
    handleLoginClick() {
      this.login() // uses the action from the above .mapActions
    },
    handleLogoutClick() {
      this.logout()
    }
  },
})
</script>
```

Commit message:

Adapt (and update) README files to reflect the new build process

client/README.md, after:

# IMIS Vue.js Client

## Project setup
***Note:** The specified commands assume the `client` directory as the working directory.*
```
./gradlew yarnInstall
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
./gradlew serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
./gradlew buildFrontend
```

### Run your unit tests
```
./gradlew test
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
./gradlew lint
``` 

## Stack and Best Practices
### Libaries
We are using:
- Vue.js + Typescript
- VueX + [vuex-smart-module](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module)
- Vue Router
- [Ant Design](https://www.antdv.com/) 
- swagger-typescript-api

### Code Style / Linting
We have strict lint rules to ensure a consistent styling.
Set your editor right and use the .editorconfig to make your life easier.

You can also use `yarn lint --fix` to resolve most lint errors  

### Server communication
We communicate with the server using REST. The documentation is generated by swagger.
We are using the `swagger-typescript-api` package to automatically generate an API client as part
 of the build process (`@/api/SwaggerApi.ts`). You can re-generate this file by issuing
  `./gradlew generateClient`. Do not edit this file manually, as changes will be overwritten during
   regeneration! 

### Basic Component:
Use `Vue.extend` for component definition and set `lang="ts"` in the script tag to get typescript support.

We found that [class components](http://class-component.vuejs.org/) do not work well with automatic type inference for vuex and is therefore not used.

```vue
<template>
  <div>Hello {{ name }}</div>
</template>

<script lang="ts">
import Vue from 'vue'

export default Vue.extend({
  name: 'ExampleComponent',
  data() {
    return {
      name: 'World',
    },
  },
})
</script>
```

### Component using VueX functionallity
We are using [vuex-smart-module](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module) to get typesafty for our state management.

User [component mappers](https://github.com/ktsn/vuex-smart-module#component-mapper) to access the state functionallity.

You can orient yourself at existing modules our repository.


```vue
<template>
  <div v-if="this.user()">
    Logged in: {{ user.name }}
    <button @click="handleLogoutClick">Logout</button>
  </div>
  <div v-else>
    Nobody logged in
    <button @click="handleLoginClick">Login</button>
  </div>
  
</template>

<script lang="ts">
import Vue from 'vue'
import authMapper from '@/store/modules/auth.module'

export default Vue.extend({
  name: 'ExampleComponent',
  computed: {
    ...authMapper.mapGetters({
      user: 'user',
    }),
  },
  methods: {
    ...authMapper.mapActions({
      login: 'login',
      logout: 'logout',
    }),
    handleLoginClick() {
      this.login() // uses the action from the above .mapActions
    },
    handleLogoutClick() {
      this.logout()
    }
  },
})
</script>
```
